## 3.2.1.0562 (2025-06-24)

### âœ¨ Enhancements (9 changes)

- core: set beta env to default to verbosity
- phpmyadmin: specify the mysql user, password, and host through CLI arguments
> Allows the user to specify the mysql user, password, and host through CLI arguments. The update process now preserves the existing blowfish secret during the upgrade.
- core: `qb news` to show output per channel (beta v stable)
- implement release::resolver for ttyd on main installer
- update all translation files for new `--ombi2mysql` conversion feature
> - Added localized strings to support the new `--ombi2mysql` CLI flag
> - Ensures consistent messaging across all supported languages
> - Related to the SQLite to MySQL migration for Ombi
- Ombi: implement `--ombi2mysql` flag for updater
> This implements a custom function that integrates Ombi's `ombi_sqlite_mysql` script to convert databases from default sqlite to mysql. Useful for larger installs handling multiple users and hundreds to thousands of requests.
> Satisfies FR: https://github.com/QuickBox/pro-v3/issues/2
- UI: apply tooltip positioning logic to configurations page
- UI: ensure correct tooltip positioning in DataTables
> Fixes an issue where tooltips in the Service Control Panel were misaligned after scrolling or pagination. Tooltips are now initialized with proper boundary and container context after DOM rendering.
- improvements to release resolver
> - This change includes modifications to the software release resolver, improving asset selection by prioritizing more common architectures and filtering out unwanted types.
> - It also adds enhanced debugging output for compiled package downloads.

### ðŸ› Fixes (4 changes)

- core: correction to `iris` MOTD conf placement on update
> This corrects an issue where the old MOTD config is not properly updated with the newest GitHub repo assets and links
- core: better support for `--self` resolving tar archives on release resolution
- Emby|Jellyfin: correction to initialized port setting on install
- Kavita: update install and config scripts for more stable builds

### ðŸ§ª Tweaks (5 changes)

- implement more logic naming on phpmyadmin flags
> This changes the named flags for use on the phpmyadmin installer to be better suited for phpmyadmin reference and usage (_not to be confused with mysql database connection values_). `--pma-user`, `--pma-pass`, and `--pma-host`
- UI: aesthetic padding adjustments on update page
- UI: set channel alias to `sudo::patcher`
> This update helps determine the proper utility to fire for updating. Beta v Stable.
- core: refactored download process
> Updates the QuickBox Pro download process for both `fix` and `update` operations to utilize a central release proxy, enhancing and simplifying distribution.
- updated betapull script for QB Pro v3
> Refactors betapull script to streamline the beta testing environment setup for QuickBox Pro v3.
> This commit involves:
> - Improvements to initial dependency checks and installation
> - Updates to core Python modules and lshell
> - Enhancement in database updates and configuration
> - Service file updates and permission configurations
> - Removal of deprecated files
> - Changes in the way quickbox is downloaded (secure archive method)
